+++
author = "Ashwin"
categories = ["Fiction"]
tags = ["daily prompt"]
date = "2020-04-14"
description = ""
images = ["img/2020/04/medusa.jpg"]
title = "Medusa"

+++

​      It is black everywhere. Nothing is heard except for two voices. "So, you don't hate Medusa anymore? " a high-pitched voice could be heard. "No," a man replied. A rather calm voice. "That woman, just like her name, took away your eyes, ears at the age when you didn't know what they were!! You hated her your entire fucking life!!" Silence followed. The woman's voice rose, "And you tell me, now you are ready to forget me for her!!" "Mothers are the real Gods, don't you agree? " There was a calmness in his voice,  like a saint, speaking under a tree. She couldn't bear it anymore. "I performed the surgery. I gave you back the power to see. Yet, you are willing to throw away everything for her. Why? " "Well, now I realize she had her own reasons, back then we had only one room..."

​				The screen that was black till now lights up with a blurred image of a room. It is filled with lights of red hues everywhere. The camera starts to move forward with a dolly kind of shot. The movement is very fluid and painfully slow. As the camera moves forward, it gets clearer. A Sony HDR-CX405 Camcorder Camera can be seen lying on a cheap wooden table. A build of worst quality. The camera keeps moving with only the camcorder at its focus. The background is blurred, only the variant red shades are visible. A lady's moaning could be heard in the background, apparently coming from the back of the camera. Creaking and panting followed it. "Can you feel me, you whore!!" a man's voice was heard. Loud moaning and screaming filled the room. The camera kept moving forwards, fixing its focus on the camcorder. The more it got close, the deeper and louder the moans were. The camera kept on moving forward until it was only inches away from the camcorder. Then it began moving diagonally right with the camcorder still at its focus. The left side of the camcorder was becoming more and more visible. The camera kept moving slowly with its front facing the left side of the camcorder. The lateral part of the camcorder was filled with buttons, an LCD screen was protruding from it. The moans grew louder, so did the muffles squeals. The camera as it was about to reach the end of its lateral view, began moving diagonally right again. "Feel this!!" The voice roared like thunder on a rainy day. The rate of the moaning went up like a man's heartbeat when he sees his crush walk up to him. The camcorder was dazzling with all the red lights shining on it. This time it was the chance for the back of the camcorder and the LCD screen to become visible. Creaking of old springs and weathered wood joined the rhapsody as their voices filled the room. The voices rose and rose like a never-ending Shepard tone. The pleasant noises turned into screeches. As the camera now completely faced the back of the camcorder, the voices stopped with a final scream. The room was dreadfully silent except for the creaking of an old ceiling fan and pants of a tired man. The LCD screen could be the camera was facing the back of the camcorder. The camera lens is fixated on the LCD screen. A man can be seen lying naked on a woman on a dirty old bed. She gets up using all her might, shoving the naked man aside. Her bare back is visible as she turns to the wall on the rear side of the bed, they were filled with scars. She hovers her hand to a slate hanging on the wall and rubs away a name from it. She looks at the four more names written below the erased one and sighs. With a desperate and surrendered look, she falls on the bed, visibly tired and frustrated. The camera slowly moves backward as the LCD screen gets blurred. Red lights on both sides get darker and darker. The camcorder and the bed fadeaway as the camera is moving farther away from it. Narrow corridors that lead to the bed are visible on the peripheral as the camera continues its voyage backward with the camera still facing forward. BDSM toys were hanging on the walls of these narrow corridors. The silence grew deafening and lights got darker, seemingly turning into a black hue. The camera presumably passes through a hole while moving backward. As it keeps moving backward, it comes out of the hole, which happens to be a keyhole. The head of a child can be seen resting against the door. Her spectacles, reflecting the light from the tablet that is lying on her laps. The image of the YouTube home screen is visible on her spectacles. There is no sound in the room, not even from the tablet. The door becomes completely visible, so does the figure of the child as the camera moves backward. She is dressed in cute pink pajamas, her eyes glued to the tablet screen. The entire room can be seen with the bed in the corner of the small room, seemingly congested. There were syringes on the bed, rolled joints, Ototoxic pills, a hearing aid presumably locked in a transparent box, Holy Bible, some storybooks, and a half-filled resume. Summed up the life of the woman in the bed. All these things were captured as the camera moved backward, giving the feel and look of a dolly shot. The camera moves through the gap of two steel rods. The kinds you see in prison were used in place of windowpanes here. The girl's face was visible through the steel bars. They were something that reminded the inhabitants of their dismal state. The girl gleefully cheered at her screen, having no idea of the horror taking place behind the door. The wall surrounding the pane becomes visible, and as the camera keeps moving backward, the entire building can be seen. A dilapidated structure with 20 such windowpanes, and a flex hanging on the wall. The camera now passes through a glass panel, and two dark figures can be seen looking at the brothel and speaking to each other.  The brothel stood opposite to the building they were standing in. The room was dark and illuminated only by a flickering streetlight. The camera keeps moving backward.  One of the figures had a hearing aid attached to his ear. He spoke, "Well, she had her own reasons, back then we had only one room and she didn't want me to see nor hear what she was doing. She didn't want me to see her scream in pain when someone fu..." The calm voice turned into a stutter. "I kept calling her a cunt my entire life not knowing that she stripped herself in front of hungry wolves only for me...so that I would gr...grow." He broke down. Sobs accompanied them. The other figure, which was of a woman hugged him, the streetlights started to flicker again. She brought her lips near his eyes, unable to watch him weep, she whispered, " I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...I just got possessive...I'm sorry, why don't we move together with your mom?" The man looked up and nodded with a smile, still weeping though. The camera that kept moving backward till now finally stops in its track. The streetlights flicker and go off. Everything becomes black again.

---

**Categories:** [Fiction](https://19a.in/categories/fiction/)

**Tags:** [Daily Prompt](https://19a.in/tags/daily-prompt/)

